[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Now, over the years, we have
spoken so many times about this
idea about contact
being, most importantly,
on the inner level.
And we would still
say that is true.
However you are physical beings.
And so let us say
that last night was
an example of
beginning to integrate
the physical and
non-physical realms.
If you look at the
idea of contact,
of starting with
physical realm first,
you're not going to get very far
as a species first initiating
contact, because then the
ego attaches to the external
and the story is
over, basically.
So for those of you
doing the very deep work,
you have, let's say,
paved a road within you
where you know now that road
of contact as it leads inward.
And it's, for many
of you, someplace
that you can go naturally.
So now, we marry the physical
world and the inner world.
Now, before your minds
leap to, oh, does that mean
more things are going to
happen, well, maybe, maybe not.
We will say there are no
rigid plans in that way.
There are many possibilities.
We're going to ask you to
remember that should there
be physical phenomena,
we also want
you to stay connected
to it internally.
And what that means will
be something you discover.
It's not necessarily
something we can tell you,
you do it this way, because
each person's way of doing it
is different, because
each person's story
of contact, each person's
experience of contact
is different.
This is another level
of contact training.
When you are now stimulated
by external phenomena,
can you not bring
your energy out?
Can you acknowledge and
experience the phenomena,
both internally and externally?
So we've been talking
a lot about the idea
of taking polarity
and two opposite ideas
and marrying them to
create a new idea.
So when we're talking
about this idea then
of internal and
external contact,
we are talking about
a form of alchemy.
So this is why we're
asking you, don't
polarize in one direction.
Don't polarize just
on the excitement.
We let you do that
last night, all right?
But don't polarize on the
excitement of the external.
See it.
Experience it.
Feel its depth.
And then bring it into
you, so that the external
and the internal can meet.
And this will create a
next level of alchemy
for the contact
journey of your planet.
Yes, we're talking
about your group.
But we're also talking
about the contact journey
of the many thousands, some
would say tens of thousands,
of contact groups
around the world.
Because when one
group makes a leap,
then you are aiding the
many other contact groups
around your world who are
also ready to begin to move
into the next phase of alchemy.
Experience the joy.
You don't have to
push down the joy.
You can experience
that childlike wonder.
You can experience the
excitement, the sugar,
but also bring it in.
>> Hi, Lyssa.
>> Hello, Reuben.
>> You seem to be a
reoccurring character here.
>> I don't know why.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Well, today, we're going
to talk about contact work.
And that's something that
I've been blessed and honored
to experience through
your teachings
and going to your
contact seminars.
I've been-- we just
had one this weekend.
And how many was that for me?
That was like four or five.
>> Yeah, something like--
>> Two in Japan.
Did we do--
>> Yep.
>> We did two in Japan.
And second one here.
>> Yes.
>> So two in the States.
>> So four.
>> So--
>> So you have a
flavor now of what--
>> I have not just a
flavor, but I'm so inspired,
I actually started my
own contact retreats.
>> Yes.
>> And it's-- yeah, I've
been learning so much.
And this past weekend as well
has been an amazing experience.
>> Thank you.
>> So I'd like to introduce
to our audience this work.
Tell us about it.
What is contact work?
>> All right, well, I'm going
to start with the old idea,
because it's really important to
understand how contact work has
evolved as we've
evolved as a species.
So when I started doing this
work, it was in the '80s
and I was living in Los Angeles.
So my friends and I used
to go out to Joshua Tree.
And we would bring
our beach chairs
and we would just lay there
waiting for them to come.
>> Right.
>> That was the '80s
version of contact work.
>> Before meditation, even?
Or would you meditate?
>> Well, we would meditate, but
there wasn't an understanding
of the idea of actively
participating or actively
reaching out.
And not really an understanding
about the connection
between contact work
and consciousness.
So, in fact, that's the name
of the retreat is "Contact
and Consciousness," because
you cannot separate the two.
So as the contact work
evolved, in the early '90s,
I started to get a
lot of information
from one of the
beings I channel,
named Sasha, who you've
had on the program.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's when she channeled
the information for the book,
"Preparing for Contact."
So that book went
off to the publisher
and I went off to
Laughlin, at the time,
to speak at the UFO
Congress that was there.
So this would have been 1993.
It was autumn of 1993.
And that's where I
met Dr. Steven Greer.
When I saw his lecture,
I realized everything
he was saying, I
had just written
in the book that was at
the printers at that time.
So I knew that it was
a significant moment
in the progression
of our understanding
of extraterrestrial contact.
So in those early years,
in the early '90s,
I trained with Dr. Greer.
And they were very
supportive of me.
They knew that I do
channeling, which at that time
was not really
something they wanted
to include in their protocol.
So at some point,
I went my own way
because I really needed to
utilize the skill that I
had for the contact work.
So now we're in
the '90s, and this
is when the connection between
contact and consciousness
really began to be obvious.
But as I'm learning through all
of this, contact is really--
it's really connected,
not just to us
as individuals as a
human contact team,
but it's also connected
to the mass consciousness
of our planet.
Our collective
consciousness is also
in this process of its own
self-disclosure, if you will.
And so it's been this huge
progression from the '90s with
lots and lots of different
experimentation in different
types of meditation, trying
to work with brainwave states,
different types of
meditation states, to see--
well, back in those
days, we thought
there was a magic button.
Like if you push
the magic button,
then contact will happen.
>> Oh, I see.
>> We didn't realize that it's a
spectrum of experience and that
actually we're being
prepared through this shift
in consciousness through time.
So now that it's
been 30 years for me,
or more than 30 years of
doing this kind of work,
I'm starting to see that
connection and everything is
accelerating.
>> After my sighting in
2007, and then working with
Disclosure and The Citizen
Hearing and other things,
it seemed to start out as
lights in the sky was the focus.
Oh, cool, there's
lights in the sky, which
must mean there's entities
piloting these things
and that's it.
But you introduce the
consciousness aspect,
and then it goes
into everything.
>> Yes.
>> Like, for me, I
only-- when I started,
I only believed in ETs.
I did not believe in fairies,
or mermaids, or wood spirits,
or whatever.
I just-- it was just ETs.
ETs is real and the rest
of it's all whatever.
As you go --
>> It gets weirder, doesn't it?
>> It gets weirder.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Yes.
>> And all of a sudden, you
know, mermaids are real,
fairies are real,
I'm talking to trees.
It's crazy.
[LAUGHTER]
But it's fun.
>> It is very fun.
Yes.
>> So explain that--
go into detail
about that process,
because that's
where we're at now.
This past weekend, we had
this strange fog come in
and it was--
there were no lights except
my drone flying around.
But we had contact.
>> What we're learning
is that contact is not--
it doesn't adhere to
our definitions of it.
>> Right.
>> I mean, that's the number one
foundational thing that we have
to accept before we can engage
the contact process and allow
it to take us where we need
to go in order to make those
galactic connections.
So if we're talking about the
connection to consciousness
with contact work, as we go
into this process of contact,
we're starting to see that
you can't separate the two.
But when we talk about
consciousness, for some people,
that's a floaty
esoteric thing that
is difficult to understand.
>> The woo.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Yeah, very much so.
Very much so.
We've joked, but
I'm a skeptic, too.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> So me moving through this
process of opening myself up
to contact and understanding
it, I also had to fight against
my own skepticism, which was,
on one hand, a challenge,
but on the other hand,
a really good thing,
because then you learn more
when you have that healthy
skepticism.
So anyway, one of the teachings
that Sasha has given now
has helped me so much understand
the connection of consciousness
and contact, because she's
created something she calls
a quantum consciousness map.
>> Right.
>> And you've seen
that in the workshop.
>> It's a big help.
>> It's in the
book, "Golden Lake,"
and it's in lots of places on
the YouTube channel and stuff.
We don't have to go
into that in depth here.
However, what it does is it,
in a sense, metaphorically maps
out our journey
from being physical,
separated, mind-driven
beings to what
happens as we begin
to open our awareness
to more expanded
levels of consciousness
and inter-dimensionality.
>> Right.
>> And as we talked about in
the workshop this weekend,
we hit that band,
that pain fear band.
>> Yes.
>> And this is where a lot of
researchers and experiencers
have gotten stuck because they
have had a fearful experience
or it's brought up their own
pain which they've projected
onto the ETs and then they
conclude it's a negative
experience and they
stop right there.
>> Right.
>> But what's really cool is
that the quantum consciousness
map is also a metaphor
not just for contact,
but for our own
spiritual development.
So the map works
for both things.
Therefore, if we utilize
the map as a way to journey
within ourselves
spiritually, we learn
to break through that pain and
fear band, healing ourselves,
and then we're able to go into
the more refined and truer
levels of contact that
don't have the mask which is
a reflection of our own fears.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah, well, it makes
them more approachable.
It's kind of like a
wounded animal that's
backed into a cage.
You don't approach it
because it'll snap at you.
>> Yeah.
>> Right?
So you wait until it
calms down and until you
let it-- or it
surrenders and then you
can go in and start petting it.
>> Exactly.
And that's why so many
channeled entities
are asked the question, when
are you guys going to land?
>> Right.
Yeah.
>> Because humans expect
that, well, if they're real,
then they should be landing at
a football game or something.
But just like you
said, they understand
our process of evolution and
they don't want to land in--
>> This guy landed on you.
>> Oh.
They don't want-- they don't--
the ETs don't want to land
and trigger us, because then--
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> --we get wounded.
>> Right.
We go even into the
cage or the closet.
>> Exactly.
And then we project our
own pain and fear onto them
and then it just spirals.
>> Yeah.
I've realized, on my
contact experiences,
I don't have a memory
of them, but my body
has short-circuited.
I have a memory up
until that moment
when it's about to happen
and then I black out.
And I've gone that far now
with the work I'm doing.
But realizing that the
nervous system of the body
can't handle a lot
of that energy.
>> Yeah.
>> And that could also be
misinterpreted as an attack
or my body's
physically reacting.
And in a sense, in a negative--
not in a negative way--
it's just over--
it's like shoving the wrong
plug in the wrong circuit and it
blows.
>> Yes.
>> And then it shuts
down and then--
>> Yes.
>> --and then you're out.
>> This is another place where
there's been misunderstanding
about, for instance,
people saying, well,
the ETs wiped my memory.
And it's really easy
for us to blame them.
>> Sure.
>> But the truth is that when
you are experiencing something
so intense that is outside the
paradigm of your normal reality
your consciousness, your
mind, your subconscious,
all of that are going to try
to find a way to process it.
And sometimes that
means shutting down
some of the experience until
it can come up at another time,
maybe in the form
of a screen memory.
>> Right.
>> Like an owl.
>> Yeah.
Now, this brings us to something
you were telling me yesterday
about how there's one
part of you that feels
really ready for the contact.
>> Yes.
>> But when you're
faced with it,
when you can feel it coming,
that you can see the part
of you that isn't yet ready.
>> That was me on the rock.
That was-- it was--
I've said to myself, I'm
ready, I'm ready, I'm ready,
and here I was by myself in
the middle of Sedona on a rock
and thinking if it's
going to happen,
it's going to happen now because
there's nobody else here.
It's just me.
And that's when I started
really processing, what
if it does happen and can it?
And I was going to-- and
I was getting scared.
>> This is really important
that you saw that in yourself,
and furthermore, that you
didn't project it on to them.
>> Right.
>> You didn't say, oh,
I feel negative energy.
Oh, and--
>> Yes, it was totally me.
>> No, it's totally you.
But that's one of the important
steps in this process.
So that tells me that you
are using Sasha's map,
that you're traveling
on that map willingly
and seeing yourself clearly.
So it's coming.
[LAUGHTER]
>> I know-- well, we
had that taste, too.
It's easier with a
group energy, I think,
because we're there
to support each other.
We're there to share afterwards
and verify with these things
that happened.
And it's nice to see
shared experiences.
I saw something
right over there.
Moments later-- I think it was
Hamón or Sasha comes through.
And then you channeled
the other being
and then you said, oh,
they're all around us.
And I'm like, oh, that's exactly
what I was feeling and saw
with other bodies there.
>> And at that time, the cloud
was that UFO-shaped cloud.
>> Yeah, it was like a
spiral coming through.
>> Which is very
unusual for Arizona.
So there's lots of things
that happen simultaneously.
I mean, we could go
and list all of them
that happened those
two or three nights.
And it was pretty spectacular.
>> Right.
The cold temperature, the--
>> The emergency alert.
>> The emergency
alert that happened.
Yeah.
These are--
>> Yes.
>> So in a sense, many people
may be familiar with, like,
the "Ghost Hunters" show.
Because it's not just ET, your
typical grey dude in a flying
saucer.
I mean, that's the idea what
so many people have about this.
And if you've been
watching the show, which
you guys are clearly,
then we've broken it down
through the channelings.
But you're actually doing it.
>> Yes.
And even now-- it's
been 35 years maybe
that I've been doing this
in various different forms.
And there is a part of
me still that's like,
when am I going
to have-- when are
we going to have "the" contact?
>> Right.
>> When the contact has
been happening all along.
Never in a way that the
mind or the ego will expect.
>> Right.
>> But those few
years ago in Japan,
you were at that retreat
where we got the photograph.
>> The hybrid 7.
>> Of hybrid 7.
And for me, that was a
turning point because somehow,
we, as humans, often need or--
not proof, but we need
that tangible understanding
that something was really there.
>> Right.
>> And when that photograph
happened that was
so unexplainable other than
it being an extraterrestrial,
it was like a part of me could
say, OK, now let's go forward.
I don't need to
have that anymore.
So--
>> Well, for me, it was--
my wife, Eureka, she
drew the hybrids.
And especially at that time,
she was not into this at all.
She was like, you
people are crazy.
I mean, not that bad.
>> Yes.
>> But she was like,
I'm kind of open to it.
But she thought--
she was freaking out
when she got the clear
vision of those beings
and started drawing them.
She's like, that's not her
thing to have such clear--
>> And her drawing
was pretty amazing.
>> Her drawing was amazing.
We'll put it up here.
But yeah--
>> Yes.
>> Well, let's go into
Japan a little bit.
So how does the
contact work differ
being in these two
different cultures?
>> I would say the
number one difference--
and you'll know this having
spent a lot of time in Japan--
is that the Japanese
have an easier
time creating a unified field.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> Because--
>> Explain that.
Yeah.
>> Well--
>> Well, explain what
is the unified field.
>> Unified field is a common
ground of consciousness that
the group can enter that helps
to create a stable quantum
fabric.
You could see it almost
like an air lock,
meaning that it's the
combination of two
different realities where
there's a bridge where
everybody can meet.
So in general, you're
going to find that--
or at least I have found--
that in countries where
there's a lot of individuality,
that it takes a
little bit more work
to create that unified
field, unless you're
working with a group that
you've worked with many times.
>> I see.
Like our group.
>> Like our group.
Exactly.
The group we've been
working with now.
And we saw this
past weekend that it
was very easy to go
into that unified field.
>> Sure.
I see.
>> So in Japan,
as you well know,
there's a saying about the
raised nail gets hammered down.
So they're not as comfortable
expressing their individuality.
They're more
comfortable expressing
the collective energy,
which is actually
really great for contact work.
So that's like the
biggest difference
right away I can say.
>> And why is it important
for contact work to have that
collective energy?
>> Because as we start to
understand the extraterrestrial
consciousness and we
look at it as a spectrum,
in the books I wrote about
it as a density spectrum.
So forgive me, viewers, if
you don't understand the term.
But third--
>> They've come along this far.
>> OK.
>> We've covered it quite a bit.
>> So third density is where
we've existed for the many last
many thousands of years,
which is a heightened sense
of separation, where the ego
is like the way we navigate
through reality from the
individual perspective.
But if you look at the spectrum
of consciousness for the ET
civilizations, which
would basically
be civilizations that
are older than us,
that they move from that
separated egoic state
into still physical but a
state in which the ego is not
the main navigator
through reality.
So the ego still serves as
a way to anchor the being
in a physical reality
or a physical body,
but it's not the one that is
demanding the individuality all
the time.
So the consciousness then,
as it evolves through these
densities-- so now we're
talking about fourth density--
what you're finding is
that without that anchor
of individuality-- and if you
have a group of 30 people,
30 anchors trying to express
their individuality--
then you instead have a
more homogeneous energy.
And it's really interesting,
because as we evolve
through this process, there
are some tripwires that
are the things that
are a part of our ego
that stop us from evolution.
So for example,
what I mean by that
is that, especially
in the West, we
have this fear of the
loss of our individuality.
>> Sure.
Yeah.
>> And--
>> We're feeling that now.
>> Yes.
And we get so stuck in this,
I can't lose my individuality
or I can't lose my
rights as an individual,
that we get stuck right there
and we cannot move into this
more common ground energy.
So the mistake that
our ego believes
is that going through
this evolutionary process
on the spectrum means
that we become robots
or that we become zombies.
And that's actually
not what it is at all,
but we won't learn that
until we get there.
So as we do this contact
work with groups--
and it turns out that a lot
of the groups that I work with
are also my channeling students.
So we do a lot of ego work
in the channeling training.
So they've become
now comfortable
with that idea of seeing
that the whole universe is
a hologram and each of us
are fractals of the hologram.
So there's not so much
of that insecurity
about letting go of
the individuality
because they don't
see it as a loss,
because they can still
be an individual.
>> Yeah, well, it's also
control issues in a sense, too.
>> Yeah.
Thank you for saying that.
It's true.
>> Surrendering.
I had a hard time with
that for a long time
until starting this
work and meditating.
And that's where the plant
medicines for me really helped
was to let that work.
>> And the funny thing you bring
up about the plant medicine,
what I found--
when I introduced contact
work to a psychotherapist--
it had to have been
like 2001 maybe--
he was a recovering addict.
>> Oh.
>> And he always said to me that
contact work was like the best
drug he's ever taken
without the drug.
Right
>> Right.
>> that--
>> That's interesting.
>> And so the plant medicine
in a sense is introducing us
to the idea of the greater
reality of which we are a part,
that maybe we haven't
learned how to enter,
but we're being
trained to enter.
>> That's what it was like
for me with plant medicines.
It was training wheels.
So it helped.
I think for some people,
for the people who need it,
they can open the
door and show you
things that just on your own you
may be a little too stubborn,
a little too much of a
control freak to just let go.
And some of them can be gentle.
Some can really kick you--
>> When you need to be
kicked, you get kicked.
>> And into that other realm.
And you're like, oh,
this is what this is.
OK.
All right.
Thank you.
Now I know it exists.
Now I can get there
and do the work.
And then there's
other modalities
now like breathwork
and things that take
me just as far, if not further.
And contact work as well.
Good drug.
>> Yes.
>> Good medicine.
>> It is addictive.
>> I hate to use
the word "drug."
Good medicine.
>> Yes.
Well, it is a very addictive
activity, actually.
>> Well, it's fun.
>> It's very fun.
>> It's fun.
And yeah, we all had so
much fun this weekend.
And that's one of the reasons.
>> Well, you were part
of the entertainment.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Well, you keep saying that.
I didn't think it was going
to be that entertaining.
>> Maybe you, viewers, will
see some of the results of his
special effect work that he
did during the contact retreat.
>> Yes.
Yeah, I'll put some
images in there.
Well, yeah, that was bonus.
That was fun.
And I'm glad you guys
got a kick out of that.
That was fun.
Getting back to Japan
and the contact work.
So creating this unified field--
>> Yes.
>> --breaking down the ego.
>> So how about the beings?
Are you interacting
with different beings
because you're in Japan
or is it the same energy
that you're connecting with?
>> There's two different
ways to answer that.
On one hand, my contact team
follows me wherever I go.
So Sasha, and Hamón, and all
the other beings that are part
of it that I don't know.
It doesn't matter
what continent I'm on.
So the Japanese have become
quite fond of Sasha and Hamón.
And yet--
>> And Jermaine.
And Jermaine, but not for
the contact work so much.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yeah, just because Sasha and
Hamón are like fourth density
and they're more relatable
as beings or quasi-physical
beings.
But with them, there's a lot
less disbelief I would say.
And a lot of it.
I think has to do with Shintoism
and their understanding
of nature spirits and the
gods and goddesses of Japan,
who I tend to think a lot
of them in the ancient days
were extraterrestrials.
Sasha has done a lot of
channeling about that in Japan.
>> Right.
>> So on that level then, in
Japan, there's less resistance.
They even don't resist the idea
of ghosts and things like that.
So there's less to break
through, let's say,
in the East--
>> In the belief systems.
>> --than there is in the West.
>> I see.
Well, one thing that
also I've noticed,
being in both locations,
is how intricate
the physical land and the
spirits of the physical land
and the teachings of
the physical land--
this weekend we
connected into some
of the Native American energies,
the four peaks was brought up.
And then we connected to
future Fountain Hills,
a hybridized civilization,
that was also, again,
connected to the land.
So the land was a key--
seems to be a key
part in Japan as well.
You're bringing through
Hamón and Sasha to talk about
the nine schools of--
>> Oh, the school of
the nine serpents.
>> The school of
the nine serpents,
which was heavily influenced
in Kyoto and the energy there.
So you want to add to that?
>> What's really interesting
for me is the Syrian energy,
which would be Hamón's energy.
And in season 2,
maybe you saw this.
It was quite appropriate Hamón
was channeling in Sedona with
the horses and the
donkey, Charlie.
>> Charlie.
Yep.
>> But what I found is that even
though we think of the Syrians
as extraterrestrials, as I've
come to learn who they are,
they're very much
connected to the land.
>> Oh, I see.
>> So in the ancient days,
in Japan, for example,
Hamón has talked about the times
when the ancient Syrians were
there, mentoring
the early humans.
And it was always very much
of a connection with the land.
Even Hamón-- they joke
in Japan about it--
but whenever Lyssa is
channeling outside,
Hamón comes much more than
if I'm in a classroom.
>> I see.
>> This happened at the
contact retreat this weekend.
>> Right.
>> Yeah.
So that's the kind
of a paradox there.
>> I see.
>> That the more we merge
with our galactic heritage,
the more we actually
connect with our planet,
with our physicality, with the
consciousness of our Earth.
>> Right.
Which is like a giant
portal in itself
with all of these elements
to different civilizations,
to the different trees
and insects and birds,
and all of everything here.
It seems to have
some sort of doorway
to another reality,
another dimension.
>> And the civilization that
contacted us this weekend
at the retreat,
as you mentioned,
they're from about 500
years in the future,
a civilization that lives
in this area of Arizona,
the Fountain Hills area.
And normally, I'm
busy with the group
and I don't let myself really
go into the contact experience.
And I'm learning that
it's OK for me to do that.
That I'm not abandoning
the group when I do it.
So this time I let
myself do that and was
able to see those beings.
They were a hybrid beings living
here 500 years in the future.
And what they showed me was what
it looked like here 500 years.
And it was like being
in a pueblo almost.
So it was back to the land--
>> Back to the land.
>> --again.
>> Right.
And we also hear that from many
of the beings I've spoken to
and I asked them about what's
life like on their planet,
a lot of them--
all of them so far
have said, well,
we try to let nature do its
thing as much as possible.
We live in small
groups, not big cities,
and we're very
connected to whatever
the home planet's nature is.
So that seems to be, as we
advance in our consciousness,
to me we're headed back there.
>> It makes so
much sense, though,
because in a third
density reality,
our experience is to be the
most separated from everything.
So concrete cities and
Wi-Fi and all of that
is the most separated
we can become.
But as we move more
into fourth density
and more into that
integrated energy,
we go back into reconnecting
with the reality around us,
which, of course,
would include the land.
>> Which, there are Indigenous
cultures around the world
we're so connected to.
>> Exactly.
>> And it seems they--
I just had dinner with Clifford
Mahooty from the Zuni tribe.
And he was talking about--
still to this day, the stories
that were passed down--
but how connected
to spirit they are
and how he does his prayers
daily and acknowledges
all the nature spirits.
And there's that tie that they
still hold today in tradition.
Ron does a lot of that, too.
>> Yes, he does.
>> So we're going to
connect with that tomorrow.
Yeah, just saying that they
kind of are already doing it.
We just somehow-- we
called it woo woo.
>> Yeah.
>> And now we're
going back to it.
>> It's just so ironic that when
we imagine these civilizations
from the future
or from out there,
that we think of
these sci-fi movies.
But yet, it might end up
being that they are more
grounded than we realize.
So the future is actually
not "Star Trek," but more
like "Lord of the Rings."
>> Yes, very much so.
>> Yeah.
>> The elves, of course,
being fairy Pleiadian.
>> Oh, OK.
>> I feel it's a
Pleiadian memory.
>> You don't think
Syrians are elves, too?
>> Oh, in there,
yes, definitely.
Yes.
>> And the more we do this
and the more conversations
and the more I'm
interacting, in season one,
you'll see I talk
about "Star Trek."
I'm a big "Star Trek" fan.
>> Me, too.
>> But now it's all about
dark crystal and "Lord
of the Rings."
[LAUGHTER]
Like, wait, that's the future.
So anyways, it's crazy
how this is evolving.
We're near , 1997.
We had a big sighting.
>> Yes.
>> And it seems to be-- this was
something we were talking about
this morning with Michelle and
Tate is about there's different
interpretations of
that to this day,
even though the evidence says
and the witnesses says it's not
from this world.
Even Fife Symington, the
governor at the time,
came out on "60
Minutes" and said,
it was not from this world.
There's still is this
just dispute over-- oh,
it was just flares,
it was this or that.
I have a theory that it
was because of the law
of noninterference, there's
still mechanisms and ways
that they can still do
these mass sightings
and still be elusive.
>> Yes.
>> And everybody's wondering
and ask me all the time, well,
why don't they just land
on the White House lawn?
And I think, if they did, still
people would be in denial.
>> Yes.
Well, didn't they fly over
the White House in the '50s?
>> In the '50s, I think there's
video of that or a video--
or film, actually--
35-millimeter film.
So what do you have
to say about that?
>> The disclosure issue is a
really challenging one right
now because it's in a sense the
exact opposite of what contact
is.
Because disclosure is
waiting for someone
else, outside of you,
to validate the contact
experience.
And that means nothing.
Because in this day and age,
with YouTube and Photoshop--
>> Deepfake.
>> Everything can be created.
So if we had the most definitive
piece of film evidence,
it wouldn't matter at all.
>> No.
>> It won't change
consciousness.
>> Right.
>> So I've come to the
understanding disclosure is
about self-disclosure, meaning
that each of us needs to do
the work within ourselves
if we're excited about it,
to disclose the reality
of this to ourselves.
And that is the only
thing that is going
to change the consciousness.
So when we do these types of
contact retreats and contact
work in the desert or wherever,
that the repeated experiences
of doing it provide a
way for us to disclose
to our self this reality.
>> Right.
>> And I always remember
the movie "Contact"
with Jodie Foster.
It was such an amazing movie
that came out in the '90s,
well ahead of its time.
>> Yeah.
>> I went to see it, I
remember with Sherry Adamak,
who was Steven Greer's
right-hand person here
in Phoenix, actually.
>> Right.
Wow.
>> And in the movie--
I'm not going to
remember it totally.
I'm sorry about that.
But there was an argument
between a scientist
and Jodie Foster talking
about the reality of it.
And she couldn't prove it.
And finally, the question was,
well, do you love your father?
And the answer was yes.
Prove it.
>> Oh, that's right.
She did say that.
>> Right?
You cannot prove
your experience,
but your experience will
be the disclosure you need
for your own truth.
And that's what the
contact work does.
And as we all expose
ourselves to this,
that's what will generate the
disclosure, not from out there.
But it will become such
a truth of our reality
that we don't even need the fake
stories that we're being told.
>> Sure.
Yeah.
And this is what I was
saying this morning.
And it's a way--
in a way, we've chosen I think
a different timeline since '97,
because in one way, before the
internet, before all of this,
in 1997, if the news
in the mass media
did validate the
experience of, let's say,
the UFO over as a UFO,
I think-- at that time,
I think a lot of people would
actually buy into it, way more
than what would happen now.
>> Yes.
>> So I feel at that time,
because we didn't choose that,
it was wishy-washy and military
launching flares and these
kinds of things, that it
actually gave us the new
timeline that we're in now
where we can go and do this.
And things have
become so wishy-washy
now, that we have to keep
going and keep going until we
validate it for ourselves.
>> It's the only way we're
going to get the truth.
But by choice in a sense,
collectively, so we
can go to perhaps help other
civilizations in the future
or understand more
about ourselves
and self-empowering ourselves.
>> It's interesting you bring
up the lights because we had
an interesting
experience with that.
At that time, I
mentioned Sherry Adamak--
the late Sherry Adamak-- who
was a very close friend of mine.
She was staying
with us that night.
And the night of the lights,
we kind of got this message
from the universe to
put chairs on our roof
to do contact work on our roof.
This is not anything
we've ever done.
But we got the instructions
to do it that night.
So my husband Ron put
the chairs up there.
>> All right.
>> But we ended up talking and
having so much fun and eating
dinner that we got lazy
and didn't go up there.
And it flew over
our neighborhood.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Because later we met people
who live within a few miles
of us, a family with children
who are all reporting what they
saw.
It was a triangular ship.
So there were a lot of
things going on that night.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> So you got the message,
but you didn't see it.
>> Well, we got the
message, but didn't do it.
>> Right.
So you got to do
more inner work.
>> Yeah, I know.
[LAUGHTER]
>> It's not about up there.
>> I know, I know.
>> No, that's amazing.
That's great.
So we're going to--
what are some tips
for people at home
if they aren't able to
make it to your retreat
and do this type of work.
What are some ways to put
them in the right direction?
>> Yes.
Certainly, you don't have
to come to my retreat.
I'm not the only one doing this.
You can come to
Reuben's retreat.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Thank you for
the sales pitch.
>> Yes.
And many other retreats.
And there's a lot of online
work going on now, too.
So it's really important,
I feel, to find a group.
It doesn't have to
be a large group.
It can just be a group of
three friends if you want.
But a group of people
that you resonate with,
who are with you in the same
place with your understanding
of the experience.
And you just experiment
and you trust
the intuition that you
have or the inspiration
you get about, hey,
let's go in the backyard
and do this specific meditation.
Also, of course,
CSETI organization
has their own tools
that can be downloaded.
>> Like an app.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
They have an app.
So there's many ways to learn
the beginner aspects of it.
But I think that
if you go into it
with a pure heart, genuine
enthusiasm, genuine excitement,
and the willingness
to watch yourself
and your reactions,
that's the key.
Because as we talked
about at the beginning,
if you get caught in the
projections of your own fear,
you will never break through
that pain and fear band
to move to the level
of the contact work.
It's definitely something
that everyone can do.
You don't even
have to be outside.
You can do it in
your living room.
>> Sure.
>> You can do it in your bed.
You can do it anywhere.
>> Right.
It's just the outside part of
it adds the potential lights
in the sky.
>> Yes.
>> Fun light show
that we can get--
potential.
>> Yes.
>> But lately we've
been getting fogs.
[LAUGHTER]
>> This is another thing.
I've been talking
about the importance
of the inner experience,
but we have to, of course,
acknowledge the outer
experience is fun, too.
>> Right.
>> I mean, it's super fun to
get the weird quantum fog,
to get people's emergency
alerts going off on their phone,
to get--
we had three people who somehow
went into an Arctic zone.
While the rest of the people
were sitting in 80 degrees,
they were below 0 or below 32.
>> Yeah.
>> So that phenomena is fun and
it also gets your attention.
>> Sure.
>> So let's marry the two.
The inner experience
and the outer experience
often get reflected.
>> Right.
And I think that's
a big takeaway
from all this contact work is
that inner journey in the--
as you said, the dichotomy,
the polarity that we can--
the mirroring effect that
we can look at ourselves--
>> Yes.
>> --through this.
And that's my biggest
takeaway from doing this work.
And I'm finding out in this
journey of self-discovery--
>> Yes, I'm sorry Sasha is like
telling me what to say and--
>> Oh.
>> --or what to--
>> Well, I was
just going to say,
let's bring in Sasha for
some final closing remarks.
>> Because she's like
shouting in my ear over here.
OK.
>> So, yeah, that's perfect.
>> Hello, my dear.
It's Sasha here.
>> Hi, Sasha.
>> You know we have
a message for you.
>> Yes.
We could feel it.
>> And it's also an important
message for the viewers.
One of the most
frequently asked questions
is who is contacting
us, who are these ETs?
And from the point of view
of a third density human,
any ET that would come
is considered an "other."
Yes?
>> Right.
>> However, if you look at
the nature of consciousness,
which is a hologram--
all consciousness is one
hologram and the individuals
are expressed as fractals
of that hologram--
then, if you
extrapolate that idea
to the question who
is contacting us,
the question answers itself.
>> Right.
>> Because the answer is
other versions of you,
other fractals of you are the
ones who are contacting you.
So then the question
may continue
to be asked in the
form of, are there
any beings that contact me that
are not other versions of me?
You see, this question can
drive you crazy a little bit.
>> Sure.
>> In the broad
metaphysical sense, no,
there really isn't anything that
isn't you that could contact
you.
>> Right.
>> However, very often, if there
are unhealed aspects within
a person, the contacts that
come may trigger those unhealed
aspects.
And in that case, it's an
opportunity for the contactee
to either engage with
the being in such a way
as to facilitate
their own healing
or to reject the contact,
see it as something separate
and perhaps something invasive.
We are looking at a
holographic expression
of the farthest separation
moving into integration.
That is ultimately what
the contact experience
is facilitating and you are
smack in the middle of it.
>> So I had this vision as
you're talking about it.
I've done a lot of work with
plant medicines and meditations
where we go back to
the version of our self
that has been traumatized--
>> Yes.
>> --at a young age and we tell
ourselves a different story
in that moment.
Is that what's happening
with these future versions
of ourselves telling
us a different story?
>> Absolutely.
Yes.
If you remember at
the retreat, one
of the lectures we talked
about had to do with--
in terms of your
species, the original
wound of when the ETs left you.
>> Right.
>> And that's a deep
abandonment wound.
The abandonment
wound can actually
be extended all the way
back to original separation,
the original movement
into separation
from the expression of
the one or the hologram.
And that was original pain.
Original pain manifests
itself in different ways.
So it can manifest itself as a
parent leaving a child or an ET
leaving a young species
to fend for itself.
Those are deep
archetypal wounds.
So the contact experience
arises in a civilization
as a civilization is
getting ready to make
its shift into a more integrated
state of consciousness.
Therefore, the contact
experience, you can say,
is perfectly timed to the
evolution of a species.
But it does bring
up all the stuff
for the purpose of healing.
>> It's kind of two ways-- we
have to process these traumas
in order to receive the
contact, but the contact is also
triggering these traumas.
>> Yes.
The chicken or
the egg situation.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Exactly.
In that sense, when you're
working in this deep quantum
level of healing, there is no
chicken and egg coming first.
So it actually doesn't
matter where you start.
Your starting point
doesn't really matter.
What matters is that
when something comes up
with the issue,
can you engage it?
And when we say
engage it, we're not
talking about intellectually
dissecting it to death.
We are talking about noticing
that the fear is coming up
in that contact
experience, or maybe
an anger, or some pain, or
maybe even a past life memory,
whatever it is.
And can you sit with
it and actually feel
whatever it is you're feeling
and allow that feeling
to, in a sense, unravel
the bundle that you've
created in yourself that was the
story you told yourself, which
is exactly what you just said.
>> Right.
I guess the exciting
thing is what's
happening in our world,
economy, and political arenas,
and just everything with
the virus and everything,
if we can use this lesson
from our dear Sasha here,
then it must mean we're getting
very close because things
are getting really
amped up worldwide.
>> Yes, you are closer
than you realize.
However, many people
have thought the shift
is going to be like a button.
>> Right.
>> It's more of a
spectrum of experience.
>> Right.
>> However, you are getting to
that critical mass point where
all of the repressed energy that
you have held within yourself,
as a species, when you have
not been willing to look within
to understand the projections
you see in the world,
then a critical mass is created
that you have to move through.
So your year, 2020, has been
one of those nexus points
for your civilization to
give it an opportunity
to look at the
mirror of themselves
instead of continuing the
game of the projection.
>> Speaking of
projections and contact,
there's many people in the let's
say the new age communities
and coming into this information
who are talking about this idea
of a big flash and then
everything's going to be
wonderful and great.
There's going to
be a big flash day.
And after that, all the bad
guys are going to go away
and all of the good guys are
going to be left in the planet.
And we're going to live
happily ever after.
What's your take on--
>> Yes.
>> --what we can look at?
>> The lesson is that waiting
for something to come from
outside will be a futile cause.
[LAUGHTER]
All right, we'll say
that quite honestly.
Resistance is futile.
>> Resistance is futile.
So if we go to the
foundational truth
is that everyone is
feeling something.
>> Sure.
>> Yes?
So the story that you create
to explain what you're feeling
will be a product of the habits
and patterns that you have
and the stories that you have
created for yourself over time.
So this idea then of a big flash
and everything will be nice,
so to speak, is the old
paradigm that the power
is outside of you.
It has nothing to do with
anything happening out there
and everything to
do with the alchemy
within your consciousness.
So you said an
important thing here
about the bad guys will
go away and then everybody
will be good.
>> Right.
>> That is further enhancing
and validating a polarized
structure.
>> Exactly.
>> That cannot happen.
This is one of the reasons why,
as Hamón spoke to you about
previously, the shadow work
is coming up very strongly
for people now because it
is creating that alchemy
of the dark and the light
within each individual that has
to come together.
So the big flash, we
would say is the alchemy.
So they're sensing--
>> Right.
Right.
>> --they're sensing the alchemy
but misunderstanding that it
means one side will go away
and the other will prevail.
In reality, the flash is the
alchemy or the integration.
>> The integration.
Yeah.
>> And you're getting very,
very, very close to that.
But as we've said, it's not
a moment, it's a process.
>> Right.
You said it's all within.
Recently I've been
doing all this filming
and I've been, in
a sense, neglecting
my internal practice
of breathwork
and my usual routine.
But what I've noticed is
through viewing other people
and seeing them
do their process,
I am actually getting a sense
of satisfaction, a confirmation
and understanding through
everybody else doing their work
and me just observing it.
And I'm like, I don't
need to meditate today,
because I'm just observing
all of this transformation
and the mechanisms and
seeing all this stuff.
I don't know.
Am I making any sense?
>> Yes, you are
making entire sense,
because the philosophy on your
world that you've called yogic
wisdom--
and this is in
the sacred texts--
has two very basic ideas--
stilling the mind
and seeing clearly.
So your practice that you
have done all these years
has been your ability
to still the mind.
When you are able to
have that ability,
and then begin to cultivate
clear seeing or the ability
to see yourself clearly, your
relationship to your practices
changes.
>> Right.
>> And therefore you don't need
it as religiously as you did
before.
But you can actually feel
the energy of the practice
by observing others doing
their practice as well.
So it makes perfect sense to us.
>> Yeah.
OK, good.
So I'm not falling
off the saddle.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Oh, do we feel
some guilt here?
>> Sometimes.
I'm like, oh, I got
to do more meditation.
I got to do my thing.
>> For many of you who
do a lot of service,
and this show and all the crazy
filming schedule that you had
and all of that is your way
of expressing your service.
And sometimes when you
express your service,
you go out of
balance a little bit.
>> Yes.
>> You, everyone else.
But the important thing is that
when the service is finished,
do you find the compass again?
>> Yes.
>> And if you can,
all is well, my dear.
>> OK, very good.
I think this contact work is
super exciting and looking
forward to going on
some more adventures
with Lyssa, Sasha, and the team.
>> This is how right now the
contact experience needs to be.
You already know the reasons
for why we cannot land
in the baseball field.
>> Right.
>> And even though maybe others
would argue with us about that,
but it's not an issue for us.
We've had contact with many,
many hundreds of species
before yours and we
know the process.
So then, the process must
become the preparation
of consciousness for the
contact experience itself.
And as we've said
previously, and as Lyssa
has said, what
that means is then
you have to understand the
contact landscape, which means
the quantum map that we have
presented for you shows you
the different, let's
say, landmarks on the map
that you will need to
experience on your way
to contact in the
truest sense, which
is contacting other
aspects of you
and recognizing
yourself as a hologram.
However, again,
as Lyssa has said,
your civilization right now
is hitting the pain and fear
band in this process.
Most civilizations do that.
And civilizations will
create different ways
to manifest that.
Right now in your world you're
creating the virus as a trigger
to move you through
this pain and fear band,
to give you the opportunity to
choose projection on others,
continued separation of
bad guys and good guys,
or understanding
that, in a sense,
the pain and fear band
is lined with mirrors,
giving you the opportunity
to see yourself.
And it's quite obvious
this whole idea of lockdown
was giving humanity the
opportunity to look at itself.
Some of you heeded the call.
Some of you did not.
However, a lot of
you did and it has
started to change the energy.
You might not see it
yet, but you will see it.
>> Yeah, I can feel it.
>> Yes.
>> And yeah, seeing it will--
remnant pieces of
evidence where things
are moving along quite nicely.
>> You know my civilization
created a plague as well.
>> That's right.
Yeah, that was mentioned--
I don't think we've mentioned
it here on the show,
but in your work--
in Lyssa's past work
it's been mentioned.
>> Yes.
>> Can I ask how long
did that plague last?
[LAUGHTER]
>> Well, how long it lasts
is always dependent upon how
resistant the
species is to change.
In my civilization, it
lasted quite a long time
because the pattern
of my civilization
in the ancient days was to
only look at the positive
and to shove the
negative under the rug.
And so when a plague
such as that comes up,
it becomes very
difficult to ignore.
However, it took us a long time.
We would say, in your
way of counting, it was--
we're sorry to say, my
dear, about 40 years.
>> Oh, OK.
Well, that's-- it's
better than 400.
[LAUGHS]
>> Well, yes, that's true.
>> But OK.
>> That's true.
But--
>> 40 years.
>> --in human lifespan--
>> In human lifespan.
>> --that's a big chunk of life.
>> Sure.
>> It took that long--
and we do have to
say, in fairness,
that the plague unfolded
in an elongated way
compared to yours, which
was very, very fast.
But it took a while.
When you exhaust
all of your options
and you reach that
place of desperation,
it's when you get to
that place of desperation
that you open the most.
And when you open,
you can then see roads
that you would not have
considered previously.
So for you, the
road you're going
to take on Earth right
now with this virus
and the subsequent things
that it's triggered
is really not defined,
because, actually,
as we see your time stream,
you are flipping timelines
very fast.
And this is something
that is causing
those of you who are sensitive
to be a little bit disoriented.
So you haven't settled
on a timeline yet.
>> Sure.
Yeah, which makes sense.
But I'm positive we
will get through this.
>> Absolutely, yes.
>> At least my
version of reality.
[LAUGHS]
>> Well, you will
get through it.
Let's see what's
on the other side.
Yes?
>> Well, exactly.
Yeah.
I mean, it's already--
I mean, I think
many in my circles
have had a lot of
positivity coming from this,
which I know many, many
watching may not feel that,
but there's two sides of the
coin for what's happening.
>> We have said, this is one of
Earth's biggest opportunities
for transformation that you've
received in a very long time.
>> Right.
>> So take it and don't
be afraid to go in deep
into the areas of polarity
that you've not wished to go
in, because when you do,
you won't need to project it
outward anymore.
>> And then we can have you guys
land on the White House alone.
>> Maybe not the
White House lawn.
>> Well, at least in
our contact retreats.
>> Yes.
There you go.
Or someplace fun like
maybe Grand Canyon
or something like that.
>> Well, thank you.
As always, what a huge honor
to receive this information
and share it with the world
in this form and fashion.
>> And always, we thank you as
well for the service you are
providing, to the viewers, for
helping them to know they are
not alone in the thoughts and
feelings and experiences that
they have.
There are many others on
the planet having them too.
And so the service
you're providing
is helping to link
those people together.
>> Awesome.
>> Much love to you and
much love to you, viewers,
out there as well.
>> Thank you.
All right, there was
a lot to say there.
I was-- we talked much more
than I thought we were.
But it was all very--
>> She was just la, la, la, la.
>> It was very, very
good information.
>> Great.
>> Very much needed.
I see the through line
and the connections.
And yeah, thank you, again, for
just being the clear channel
you are, for making this
information available,
and inviting myself and our
team-- our team back here,
say hi.
>> Yay.
>> I think you can get
on there somewhere.
Thank you, Lyssa.
>> Thank you.
>> Hugs?
>> Yes.
Thank you.
That's a wrap.
>> That's a wrap on this one.
>> On this one.
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Much more to come.
>> Yay!
>> Woo-hoo!
[APPLAUSE]
>> Yay!
>> What I find with Lyssa's work
is that it's ET contact meets
spirituality and expansion
of consciousness.
And I love what I see with the
progression of these retreats
is that the evolution of where
we're headed as a species,
as humans, it's so nice to get
information not only on what
an ET perspective is
on what's going on,
but absolute confirmation
of what I'm seeing happening
in my alignment with my work.
>> Very relatable style.
She's so down to Earth.
She's so easy to relate to.
She's the opposite
of woo-woo, which
is not what you expect when you
think about someone channeling
aliens.
>> She brings through
several channels,
which is really great for
helping us understand what it
is we're doing and guide
us through this process.
>> That group energy and
everybody supporting each
other.
And it's kind of
like people that
first traverse the jungles.
It's like you're part of the
forward motion of change.
>> Pioneers.
There you go.
>> I'm humble.
I'm just humble.
This contact work is
life-transforming.
It's a way to clean out
yourself in certain respects
and become a better person.
And you take that to
the everyday world,
which is amazing.
Who would have
thought contact work
would bring you
out and just bring
the best of who you can be.
>> There's something magical
right now that's happening.
And to have somebody
who can lead us
through this at a
really profound time,
to have very
positive experiences,
to be reminded that there's
love, to be reminded we're
not alone.
>> Everybody comes
together, works together,
shares their gift.
I always leave lighter,
brighter, a clearer direction.
I always feel like
I get a roadmap.
>> It's such a great
combination of doing inner work,
which is probably the most
important thing in all of this.
But also having little bits
of validation from the outside
and also connecting to
all the other people.
And everybody is on
the same wavelength,
which is a really high
frequency wavelength, which
what makes it so wonderful.
>> The cohesion that everybody
brings every year seems
to escalate.
So the first year
was at this level.
The next year it's there.
This year was off the charts.
>> It's information that I can
take and proceed in my life
and continue on my awakening
path in a beautiful
and profound way.
>> And immediately we had
all these phenomena happen.
So there are all these
sparks in the sky.
That was really cool.
But even more
impressive than that
were these orange
orbs that appeared.
And it happened I
think five times.
It wasn't a one-time thing.
And nobody had expectations,
which makes it-- maybe
even that's why it happened.
And you would see one orange orb
and dimming out and brightening
and another showing up.
And I think the coolest
exciting that we had was
that Lyssa took a video.
And later in the dining room,
she was looking at the video
and she's like,
oh, it's all black.
And she almost deleted it.
And what she didn't
realize and eventually we
saw that in the
middle of the video--
the all black video--
all of a sudden, at the
corner of the video,
a triangle appeared.
And it was a craft.
And you could see the
three lights and some bars.
>> And it's becoming
more and more visceral,
more and more
physical, more real.
So less like trying to think
it's just in your imagination.
And there's actually physical
manifestations and experiences
that make it seem much
more solid and physical.
>> But when we do contact
work in a group energy,
we can get into those altered
states where we become more
sensitive of other
dimensions of ourselves.
>> Just amazing.
We did have visceral
experiences,
which is what a lot of people
obviously want-- validation.
But the internal messages
that Hamón and Sasha brought
in and how it affected
everybody here is just amazing.
>> It's a chance for us to
know the other part of our self
better, so that we can integrate
them and eventually merge back
to the source.
So that we're not separated.
So that we are more expanded.
So that our consciousness
is more expanded and wider.
So that our ego has
less effect on us.
So that we're not
driven by our ego,
but by a universal
consciousness.
>> So there's a perception
of extraterrestrials being
advanced or more spiritual, but
in reality we're really equal
to each other and that's the
most important thing that we
have to have that mindset,
that understanding,
in order to be able to have the
ability to meet them eventually
face to face.
>> More important in the
inside than the outside.
Because the outside, maybe
you see a craft but you cannot
communicate with it.
So you still don't understand
a message from them.
But when you connect inside,
even if you don't see a craft,
you may be getting a download,
you may be getting a message,
and you can
understand the message
they are trying to bring.
And that allows you to
lift up your consciousness
one step closer to them
so that you can meet them.
And when you do that, it
shifts your consciousness.
>> And as we make closer contact
with our interstellar brethren,
that capacity for love
opens up exponentially.
And I feel that the human
capacity for love is infinite.
And experiencing more
and more of that,
just levels of connection,
levels of love,
levels of perception of
the interdimensional nature
of reality.
And just because other beings
may not be visible to us,
it doesn't make
them any less real.
And the communication
that we have with them
through these kind of events
helps build a solid foundation
for the awareness that
we can live and love
every moment of our existence.
>> It's not just like, OK
seeing a crowd, seeing lights,
but we actually get interaction.
And we are able to speak
their language in a way
through light language.
That to me is just amazing.
[MUSIC PLAYING]